Recovery Editorial Nits (#2667)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

In-flight:

: Packets are considered in-flight when they have been sent
  and neither acknowledged nor declared lost nor abandoned due

>   to keys being discarded, and they are not ACK-only.

Reviewer: suggestion: "Packets are considered in-flight when they have been sent and are not ACK-only, and they are not acknowledged, declared lost, or abandoned along with old keys."

TCP sequence numbers - a non-trivial task, especially when TCP timestamps are
not available.

> ### Clearer end to a loss epoch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Clearer Loss Epoch
```

> QUIC may reduce cwnd several times on successive losses whereas TCP will keep

Reviewer: s/cwnd/congestion window

Also, this doesn't match the title of this section. I would not talk about the cwnd reduction here, instead focus on what a loss epoch is -- that no congestion window action should occur more than once per roundtrip time, since a controller only sees the response to any action it takes about a roundtrip time later. TCP and QUIC use packet numbers to figure out when this roundtrip ends, but QUIC does it more accurately than TCP, especially when multiple losses occur within the same roundtrip time.

Author: Thanks, PTAL.

TCP sequence numbers - a non-trivial task, especially when TCP timestamps are
not available.

### Clearer Loss Epoch

QUIC ends a loss epoch when a packet sent after loss is declared is
acknowledged. TCP waits for the gap in the sequence number space to be filled,

> and so if a segment is lost multiple times in a row, the loss epoch does not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and so if a segment is lost multiple times in a row, the loss epoch may not
```

> end. Because both reduce CWND only once per epoch,  QUIC may reduce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
end for several round trips. Because both reduce CWND only once per epoch,  QUIC will reduce its
```

> congestion window multiple times in the same circumstances TCP only reduces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
congestion window correctly once for every round trip that experiences loss, while TCP may only reduce
```

### Time Threshold {#time-threshold}

> Once a later packet has been acknowledged in the same packet number space, an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a later packet within the same packet number space has been acknowledged, an
```

endpoint SHOULD declare an earlier packet lost if it was sent a threshold amount

> of time in the past. To avoid declaring packets as lost too early, the time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of time in the past. To avoid declaring packets as lost too early, this time
```

packet number and crypto context and store the per-packet fields
({{sent-packets-fields}}) for loss recovery and congestion control.

> After a packet is declared lost, it could be tracked for an amount of time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a packet is declared lost, the endpoint can track it for an amount of time
```
